# MasterchefJunior-c-26project
If you are looking for a spicy vegetable masala maggi recipe, we have the best one for you!

Everyone likes to experiment with Maggi and has their own favourite versions. Here is an easy vegetable maggi masala recipe that you will love. Ready in a jiffy, this street style veg masala maggi takes the ususal maggi masala noodles to the next level. The best part about this vegetable masala maggi recipe is that you can add any combination of veggies that you like and amp up the health value of the dish. Your search for the perfect maggi noodles recipe comes to an end with this easy one! From onion to capsicum and even tomato, the veggies are nicely sautéed to give them a spicy and juicy taste. Since maggi is loved by people of all generations, you don’t need to think twice while serving it to people of different age groups. Kids especially have a special spot in their hearts for maggi. This innovative way of making maggi will definitely surprise them. It will also make your job easier as they will eat the veggies without making a fuss about it. Adding a touch of chaat masala on top will give your maggi a tangy twist. If your kids are planning to have their friends over and you are unable to decide what to make. Then, this vegetable masala maggi should be your top pick. It is an easy-to-make dish, which you can prepare for your loved ones and will definitely make all the kids very happy. This is a step-by-step method of making mouth-watering noodles recipe and all you have to do is scroll through these simple steps prepare the maggi. This maggi recipe can be prepared on occasions like game night, kitty party and even pot luck. So, do not wait much and try this easy recipe at home, and enjoy with your loved ones!